[Music]
oh oh come on man you could get
that buffed out no you can get that buck
down
mm knock-and-talk what the hell happened
Oh hands behind your head right now I
got this I'm gonna penetrate this man so
in my heart what watch sir I realized
that you scared
you know sometimes feel how deep you
think you got in his soul I'm done my
humble time oh here we go again
he wants your legacy to be muscle shirts
and body counts do all this you didn't
shoot anybody
oh come on cab you know I shot some yeah
me these streets I never trusted
anybody I'm asking you man
bad boys one last time last time
we try to do a mall we're not just black
with cops - we pull ourselves over later
right up up the gun I've been telling
you ask for year he can Mike he's a
like HD
bad boys bad boys what she got it
what's she gonna do when we caught it no
never
y'all will never do that again yeah and
you up the lyrics which take a
long time to learn
[Music]